For the.
OK, so in our study you will see
two types of pictures. The first
type is complex scenes.
Imagine that you're describing
the scene to someone who cannot
see the picture. Describe what
is happening and what you see as
thoroughly as possible, and I
will time between three and five
minutes.
Just start when you're ready.
#START_airport This appears like
it is a picture in a book. It
takes the entire page, so it's a
very big and complex picture.
And as you look at the picture,
you also will notice that in
the.
Left Upper Corner there is a
postcard a little bit set at an
angle on top of the picture. You
can actually see that it's on
top because there's a shadow
underneath it.
So this tells you, um, and I'm
going to read the postcard to
Waldo, folks, under the carpet,
under the bed, down under, and
it says it's me again, Waldo
folks, some very strange things
happened at the airport this
morning. A helicopter chopped
down all the flagpoles, a
smuggler was caught hiding
watches under his beard, and a
herd of elephants was getting.
Onto a jumbo jet. Weird. And he
signed it. Waldo and the stamp
in the upper right corner of
that postcard shows a picture of
Waldo. And the postmark says
where's Waldo and it says
airport. So that's the postcard.
As you go back to the picture,
it is a scene of this very
airport that was described. So
you're viewing it from the top.
Above everything, and we'll
start at the middle. The middle
is the biggest plane that you
see.
Let's go ahead and describe that
plane first. So that plane has
just landed because there are
people coming down the stairs
and going to the left when they
get down the staircase into the
terminal and you can see those
same people going into the
terminal. We'll talk about the
terminal later back to the
plane. There are people
attending.
That plane that are taking
luggage off directly underneath
it and.
Relaying all of the luggage to
12345 people, putting them on a
long luggage cart that has a
tractor like motor vehicle at
the top. Actually there's
another person at the back of
that as well.
Moving upward just a bit, since
those guys are underneath the
train, there is a wing that they
are under and on top of that
wing there is another attendant
pointing to things that need to
be done. And then further back
on the plane is the back door
and there's no one coming out of
that part, but there is a truck
with a lift on it that has one,
I believe.
One attendant um going into the
plane and probably going to
bring things that they need. As
far as supplies up on the very
top of the plane, between the
two wings is another person.
Also, looks like they're
directing someone and I'm
looking to see now.
OK, toward the back of the plane
there are other people directing
things. And then we go further
back to where it says that
things were being chopped down
and everything was kind of
crazy. So behind the plane is
what looks like a fire engine,
with people kind of either lying
on the ground behind it and then
people directing.
In front of it and
probably the firemen spraying a
hose onto a fire. So as you look
at that, we're moving to the
right in the middle of the
picture and there is an older
plane like a biplane that has
people around it and an ace of
spades sitting in the seat on
top of it. Very interesting. #END_airport
About 5 minutes.
Yeah, that's a complex picture
to describe. Yes, it is, and I
think it might be.
Better to focus on the picture
and just you don't have to talk
about the postcard. Ohh OK I
would yeah that will help to.
Allocate more time in actually
talking about what's happening.
OK, OK, you need me to do it
again? Nope. You're good. OK,
just as I get another picture.
OK, you will get another
picture. More of an overview.
OK. Yes.
Alright, so this is the second
picture and you can start to
describe it when you're ready.
#START_birthday_party_fun OK
this.
Is a full page picture as well.
Looks like it's from a book and
on the right hand bottom corner
it has a description that says
birthday party fun so that
alerts you to what is going on.
This appears to be in a
backyard, possibly a park, but
it looks like a big backyard to
me. Over to the left is a table
with presents stacked on it as
bottom left.
is where you actually walk into
the gated entrance of this
backyard and as you look to the
right there is a swimming pool.
It looks like one of those blow
up swimming pools with a lot of
children in it in bathing suits.
If you look directly ahead,
there is one of those  bounce
houses, I would guess I would
call it. It's very large. It's
in the shape of a castle.
And there are kids all over it.
Some are in costumes. So I guess
this might be a costume party if
you're not in the pool. Yes, now
that I look at it, everyone's in
costumes. And so there's a
costume, children jumping all
over that and sliding down it as
well. And then let's go back to
the the entryway. And as you
walk in and that present table
is on your left there, the next
table.
On the left.
Going lengthwise is um.
Filled with food. Looks like
cakes and cupcakes and maybe
even salads. So maybe there's
something substantial there. And
there's a Baker there with this
really tall. Must be a dessert,
but I can't tell what it looks
like. It's nothing like I've
ever seen. And then further to
the left, along the the side of
the backyard, it is totally
enclosed with a wooden fence.
And there's a tree there that
has some lanterns, and one of
the neighbors is peering over.
There's also flags draped. It's
very celebratory. And then
further back on the left corner,
there are more trees and there's
some shrubbery back there. It
looks like people are even
hiding in the shrubbery.
And then if, wow, if you go
along all the way along the
perimeter and you find the right
side coming back toward the
front entrance, there are
there's some more trees. And it
looks like it's not totally
rectangular. At first I thought
it was, but it looks like it
goes over to the right. And
there are those flags
everywhere, balloons everywhere,
some are being held by.
People,
and some are, are fastened to
the fence. Actually, the front
part of the fence has a hedge
and some of them are being
carried by people. #END_birthday_party_fun
Other than that, it's yeah,
that's 5 minutes, OK.
Was that better? Yes, now that
we get more detail of the the
scene itself.
OK, so let's try another one.
Hey.
#START_unfriendly_giants OK, so
this one is the same thing from
a picture book. And up in the
top left there is an
explanation, and it's called the
unfriendly giants. So these
giants tend to throw me off at
first. So I have to realize that
if they're that big, all the
other stuff is going to look
very small. So we have.
A number of giants just
guessing. It looks about 15 to
20.
And and they're much bigger in
the front of the picture than
they are toward the back of the
picture. So you've got some
perspective here and some depth.
There's a house on the bottom
left and toward the bottom
center, and those houses are
much smaller than the Giants,
which is interesting. And then
you see people, regular sized
people everywhere, and there are
123456 giants playing what looks
like.
Chess on I'm I'm going to say
it's chess because it's got
people on it instead of like
little checkers, but they are
playing, the Giants are playing
with.
Probably. Probably real people.
On the chess board, that's
interesting.
In the middle of the picture
going left to right is what?
Looks to me like a river, but
there's nothing that I can see
that is affecting the giants
like they're in a river.
The people in the river are in
boats and such, but but the
Giants aren't affected like
they're in a river, so maybe
this is a picture of everything
that the giants are standing on.
In the background there are two
windmills and one on each side,
and something that looks like a
castle or a.
Tunnel people are walking into
it and through it, but they but
the giants are towering over it
and.
It has a thatched roof in two
places, and one of the roofs
looks like it's being tipped off
by people underneath it.
Actually, I now see two more
windmills, but they're way far
away in the background, left and
right.
There are.
3 structures that four
structures that are wooden and
tall. They're as tall as the
giants and they have and I
initially would have called them
a catapult, but they have like a
a log on a long stick like it
would be a log hammer on the top
of it. I cannot tell what those
would be used for.
And I'm not gonna read to see if
there's an explanation. The
houses that belong to the
people.
All have thatched roofs and you
can see some birds on one and
the houses themselves look like
they would be in an old English
kind of countryside with a kind
of stucco and wood with wooden
doors.
Other
than that, there's a garden
backed by the castle. Looks like
apple trees. Maybe so there this
is quite a little city, but the
Giants make it look like it's
not very big at all. #END_unfriendly_giants
Yeah, that was five minutes,
OK.
Do you have like a feel for how
it goes now?
You see, do you think I'm
improving? Yes.
OK. OK.
So going on to the next scene.
Ah.
OK.
#START_waldo_1 This is another
page from this Waldo kind of
book and the description on the
left.
Appears to be um.
An introduction and Waldo was at
the top.
So as I look at this without
reading it, this looks like what
you would expect to see in a
rather modern.
Yeah, rather modern city from
looking down on it from above.
Not straight above, but at an
angle. So let's describe the
city where it looks like we're
in the center of town. There is
a triangular.
Instead of a town square, it's a
town triangle, and in the middle
is a fountain. And there's a
scuba diver on the very top of
the fountain being bounced
around by the water. People are
looking at him and walking
around that fountain. There's a
statue on one of the corners of
that triangle. In the center you
have.
Buildings all around it, many of
which have striped awnings on
them.
Actually, let's just say
several, of which there are also
appears to be a farmers market
at the bottom of the picture and
some sorts of stalls. And they
also have those striped awnings,
which is why I at a first
glance, it looked like more of
the buildings had them, but only
a few buildings have them. So
there's people in the farmers
market buying all kinds of
things and all ages of people
you see young.
Young people running around, you
see an older person with a cane,
um, little children, and it
appears that it's very well
attended to the left of the
farmers market. There's a large
building.
Um, that is white. It's
rectangular and it it's under
construction or repair, even
though there are things going on
inside of it. So you have
someone walking inside through
the windows. You can see various
offices and probably buildings.
I mean services. But you also
see on the outside that there
are three ladders with people on
them, either cleaning windows. I
only see two.
People, and one of them looks
like he's cleaning a window, so
that's probably what is
happening. But on the roof there
are more workmen and looks like
maybe there's pigeons and
they're taking a break and
feeding them and playing around
with with their buckets on their
heads and their mops like a
sword fight. So it must be a
break of some sort.
Um, to the right there is.
A building that has a fancy
front on it, it possibly is a
bank, but it doesn't give an
indication that it's a bank.
People in the streets are on
motorcycles, bicycles walking,
little cars, bigger cars, a
truck. Further back you see a
bus and.
There's one.
2-3, maybe you can see three or
four blocks. A fire house is on
the upper right corner of the
picture, so it's a couple of
blocks over with a fire engine
coming out of it. Next to that
is another building with people
going in and out, and on the
left side of the Firehouse there
are people looking in the window
like they're window shopping and
above.
Those buildings there are rooms
where people are living or
working and you can see them
through the windows.
If you're at the
town triangle and at the top of
it in the picture, you go
directly up there and there is a
mechanics place and a mechanic
is working on a car with tools
all over the ground and it's
apparently a gas station as
well. I see a gas pump, although
no one is pumping gas right
behind it. #END_waldo_1 Did you say
something? Oh yeah, it's about 5
minutes. OK, good. Alright,
cool. So then the next one.
There's something different. So
then the other type of pictures
that you see are graphic
novels.
Which are a series of pictures
that tell a story. Describe what
you see and what is happening as
you go through the story, and
I'll let you know when it's
about 10 to 15 minutes.
OK, so story yes, is this going
to it says 30 pages, so each one
will actually be different
because there are different
parts of a story.
The first one stop me or you
turning pages or how does that
work right? I'll see how it goes
when you do your first story and
see how we will adjust. And the
first only seeing the first page
of a story that's 30 pages
long.
Around 30 pages. OK, one is
longer, everything else are
shorter. But they're not
separate stories. Some are
separate stories, some are all
part of the same book. OK, so
you will see familiar style,
maybe not very complete stories,
but OK yeah, so I only
describing the the.
The content of the one that I'm
looking at at the time. Or will
I?
Will I be suggesting that it
will be going on?
Umm.
You will only see the the pages
on the screen.
Really describing that one at
the time, right. And you're
talking about those pages, but
you can, if you feel like it,
you can use transitional words
like and then and then you wait
for. Yeah, OK.
OK. The first one that we're
going to do is around 20 pages,
OK.
And you're going to turn the
pages.
If you're done describing the
pages, I'll turn OK pages OK.
#START_journey OK, so we're
starting a story here that
doesn't have words. It is done
in sepia tones, mainly as you
look at the pictures, which
indicates that it's some older.
it looks like it's set in a
city, and on the left hand side
of the page you have a tall
building. It looks like it's
three stories with an attic and
a basement. There's a big door
going into it, and there's some
children playing outside by a
street lamp. It's also on a
corner, so you have traffic
lights and a directional arrow
across the street from that,
which brings us to the right
side of the page.
There is another building, and
this building, you don't see the
exterior, it's cut away so that
you see the interior of the
building like you would a
dollhouse. And I also notice now
that the entire bottom below
street level is exposed in a
cutaway across both pages, and
so you see the workings of what
goes on with pipes and maybe a
boiler.
Um and and a gas tank below on
this building on the right that
is cut away. First I notice and
I guess I notice it because out
of all the sepia tones there is
one red item and it is a
scooter. And there's a little
girl sitting on the steps going
up into that house and the
scooter is in front of her
leaning on a post and it's
totally red. Everything else is
sepia tones except for the.
The red lights on the street
light, and they are muted. So in
this cutaway house on the right,
we'll start on the bottom floor
and as you walk into the front
door there's a place to hang
coats and hats. And then
immediately to the left is a
doorway that goes to a to stairs
that are curved going upward.
We're not going to go upstairs
right now. We're going to finish
with that room, which is an
entryway with some pictures on
the wall and.
A lamp on a table. And then if
you walk through the next door
and you see the cutaway of the
kitchen and there is a woman at
a stove with a range hood over
it and to the right of that
there's a little cupboard and
then drawers. It looks like
she's preparing a meal. There's
a couple of things there. And
then you can see the open
shelves. OK, now going back to
the front room, the entry room.
Where you turn left and go into
the stairwell. If you go up
those stairs at the front of the
building, it appears that's an
office or a library. There's a
man sitting at a desk with a a
large bookshelf behind him, not
filled with books but with many
books. And next to that, on the
right of it is a smaller
bookshelf with a good number of
books on the bottom and a couple
of pictures that might be
diplomas.
Or certificates of some some
note up at the top behind that
as you go to the back of the
house there is another room that
actually looks like it might be
a living room, and there is.
Ah, it's it looks like a young
person kind of sitting on the
couch full length with back up
against the couch cushion on on
the side, little table there
with a big picture up above it.
So then as you turn the page.
We see.
Some several scenes that are not
filling the page. They are just
little things that are happening
telling part of the story. So I
would say that the girl has come
inside and she's brought her red
scooter in and it's still
everything is in sepia except
the red scooter and the items
that the girl is holding. So
maybe she's key to the story. So
right now at the top of that
picture, the little scene.
Shows her in the kitchen looking
on the counter while the mother
is talking on on the phone. It
is an old fashioned phone on the
wall and she has a long cord and
has the phone tucked up under
her ear while she's cooking at
the stove. Then just below that
is the next scene. Looks like
the little girl brought a red
kite in and went up to the.
To the top floor to see the man,
probably the father, and he is
looking at his computer. At the
desk you don't see the
bookshelves anymore and I did
not notice the computer in the
other picture, so she's just
leaning on the back of his chair
and then below.
She is talking to the young
person on the couch, leaning on
the back of the couch with a red
ball it looks like and still not
getting attention. So this this
left side shows that the girl
is.
Ready to interact I would say
with family members, but not
getting the attention that she
had hoped for. So then you see
on the right hand side this
little girl going up to probably
what is her room. And the only
reason I say up is because if
you look through the window in
that room you are doesn't appear
that you're at street level, it
appears that you're above.
So she's in this room by
herself, with a single bed and a
dresser, a map on the wall and a
lamp, a light coming down from
the ceiling, a lamp on the
dresser wastebasket next to it.
And there is.
It looks, I can't tell if it's a
dog or cat, I'm sorry, I just
can't tell. But there's a little
animal sleeping, probably a cat
by the way, that it's rolled up
on the floor in front of the
dresser. And she came and sat on
her bed leaning against a
pillow, and it appears that
she's doing nothing. Her knees
are up. It appears that she's
just sitting there, maybe
wishing that something would be
happening.
Next double page spread.
You see the girl. Same scene
with the girl in her room.
Ah, I only see that she's
turning to the side.
On.
Her position on the bed, the
cat. Now I see that it's a cat
has gotten up and is walking out
the door and underneath where
the cat was lying, we now see
what looks like a bunch of
papers and a red writing
utensil.
So then on the next page you see
you see something that.
Uh is like we saw before, 3
little scenes that with no
background, the tops and except
these are in a descending order
on a diagonal. And so the top
one shows the little girl down
on the floor picking up that
writing utensil. And I'm going
to call it a crayon because it's
red and so she's picking that
up. The next scene going down.
Shows her standing right next
to.
Those papers on the floor with
the crayon and she's turned to
what is likely to be a wall, but
it looks like she's using her
imagination and so she is
drawing a red archway on the
wall. Now it might not be on the
wall because I don't see a
background, maybe it's just in
the air, but it's showing red.
So I'm saying that it's on the
wall when you go down to the.
Bottom right, which is the next
photo there or the next drawing
there? She has made a red door.
The papers are still in front of
it, and you see her walking
through the door that she made,
which is obviously an
imagination. And so she is going
through that because in my
opinion, she wasn't finding
anything to do and no one was
interacting. So she's making her
own.
Imagination of what she would
like to do.
Ah.
Lovely. So now we have a double
page spread that with a picture
entirely filling it no longer in
sepia, so there are many, many
trees. There's a big one right
in the middle, a pretty big one
on the right hand side and a big
one on the left. On the left you
see where the girl came from. So
at the bottom of the tree is the
red door and the girl.
Having walked through it into
this green forest, and I
remember now that on the picture
before, when she was drawing the
door and walking through it,
there was green on the other
side of that door. So now she's
in the green world, the green
forested world, and left the
sepia world behind. So I'm going
to assume this means this is her
imagination and so she's walking
into it. Whoops.
She's she still has the crayon
in her hand.
In the in this forest there are
beautiful blue lanterns, kind of
elongated with different shapes
and hanging from the trees and
also stringed smaller lights.
From tree to tree there is a
river going through.
There's a river going through
this forest, and it's a
beautiful forest.
The river is bluish, bluish
green, and there's a dock that
the little girl is now standing
on. She still has the red crayon
in her hand, and there is
something floating down the
river that I honestly can't tell
what it is, but there's a little
bit of red in there that's on
the left side of the page, full,
full background where you see
all the beautiful forest. On the
right hand side we have another
series of three drawings like
we've seen before and so.
The girl is leaning in the top
one over the edge of the dock
with her red crayon and drawing
on what appears to be the
surface of the water. The second
one shows that she is completing
the drawing of a boat, and right
now we just see the outline
while she's lying on the dock
drawing this boat below her. The
next one down shows that she's
left the dock. The boat is
totally completed, it's red.
Are now a totally red boat, and
she is in it and floating off
toward the right, obviously on
her way to her imagined
adventure.
Whoa. Now, this double page
spread shows that we are coming
out of the forest. We we as we
watch her, she's in the red boat
on the left side coming out of
the forest with the little Blue
Lanterns and going down this
Little River, which empties into
this big river that also
includes a Moat, or it's a Moat
around a castle.
So maybe the castle is in the
middle of the river and the
river goes around it serving as
a Moat. So as you look at this
huge beautiful castle and we are
no longer just in green, we see
Browns and Blues and yellows on
the castle. But it is a totally
colored picture, even though
it's a little bit shaded on the
dark side she is directly going
to.
What looks like a bridge over
the Moat, but that seems a
little odd to me because the
bridge would have to have water
in it for her to get across in
the boat. Unless it stops and
she goes in. We'll find out to
the right.
There was a huge bridge that
boats can go under, so, oh,
there's a boat above it on a
little waterway going into the
castle, so maybe hers also is a
waterway. And then there are
boats going underneath the
castle. There's a little turret
also in the middle of the Moat,
but this castle has lots of big
gold domes on it, and it's.
Multi storied, not all the same.
Various heights and lots of
towers.
Now oh wow. OK, now we see that
this castle quite an imagination
that this castle has.
Waterways and locks that the
boats go up and down to go
through the castle and we see
her in her boat having already
gone up one of the locks and on
a second level and going toward
another lock where she can
either go.
Well, it looks like she could go
either way, but there are men
directing her and waving. If she
goes to the left, she would go
to a forked waterway where
there's a boat coming from the
left part of the for fork and
nothing to the right. She is up
on the level of some of the
highest domes, and then if she
were to go through this lock
ahead of her and go to the
right, she would have to go
down. But there's also.
Someone coming in that waterway,
so if she goes straight, it's
clear. So it looks like she has
a choice of going left and
forking to the right. Or she
could go straight and we don't
know where she's going, but
she'll end up with another lock
that she'll need to go through.
So on the right side of this
direct waterway that she's
taking there.
There is two different waterways
coming toward her, so she
couldn't go in either of those.
Then as she goes further, if she
goes straight, there is also one
that is like a waterfall where
all the water is dumping out of
one of those into the bigger
waterway below. But she's pretty
far up right now and has some
choices to make.
Yeah, OK, looks like she went
straight. And what we see here
is what happens as she goes
straight and there's people
looks like they're yelling at
her from above because she has
taken the straight road and her
waterway.
Ends, and she would be right at
the edge in her red boat, ready
to go down this waterfall, but
just kind of hanging over it.
Below her are two other levels
of people in boats going both
ways. Both of those appear to be
gondolas with people being.
Road I don't know what they call
a gondola pole by individuals
who are standing up with poles
and above her is a is the tower
where people are shouting at her
to the left of the tower.
Interestingly enough, it looks
like there's a kite in a red
kite in the air, and we saw that
red kite before in her
imagination.
To the left of her is the city
in the background and then on
the right-hand page.
We're back to a drawing that
doesn't have a background and it
appears that the boat has fallen
and she is in a free form,
falling in a circle that she is
making with her crayon. So you
see three pictures of her in
different tumbling positions as
she goes around this circle that
she's created. So she's in the
air, but.
Uh hasn't fallen. She's doing a
circle in the air on this red
circle that she's drawing with
her crayon in her imagination,
and the boat is falling below
her.
Well, as we turn the page.
It looks like the circle that
she was making.
Was creating a red hot air
balloon. And so now you see a
completed red hot air balloon
with a red basket and it looks
like she is in the basket waving
to the people on the tower who
were alerting her of danger. And
she is still drawing and she's
drawing the lines that hold the
basket of the hot air balloon to
the balloon itself.
On the right hand side of the
page, because she's floating in
the air on the left hand side
and you see clouds in just the
top of the tower. On the right
hand side you see all the clouds
and.
Several things flying in the
air.
Looks like ohh gosh, what is the
name of that? A blimp and a
flying machine of some sort. 2
blimps, maybe one further back
and this flying machine like you
would see in a Leonardo da Vinci
drawing of what could possibly
be a flying machine. But she's
up there in the clouds with all
of those things.
And now as you turn the page,
you see that she continues to
float upward. She has the
typical sandbags. Now that she's
drawn onto her hot air balloon
and she's not drawing anymore,
she's peering down. And around
her are two blimps and that
flying machine, which is so.
Intricate and old-fashioned and
interesting. And there is a
bird. There was a bird in the
other picture. I couldn't tell
if it was a bird or a plane, but
it's purple. It's first purple
that we've seen, and it's a
purple bird with a long plumed
tail in.
The two blimps are people.
With.
Nets and in the closer one you
can see.
That there is a cage in the
bottom and it appears that they
are taking that net and trying
to catch this plumed bird. There
are two people in the front of
this blimp.
Who are are the basket hanging
from the blimp and they're
holding the legs of the person
who is stretching out with the
net to catch the bird in the
back of it. It looks like there
is a king.
Directing those people, I can't
tell if he's pointing at them or
if there's a gun.
But it's interesting, and she's
watching this happen.
OK, now we see that she has
moved in her hot air balloon
much closer to this intricate
flying machine, and we see great
detail on the flying machine in
the background. Before I
describe that in the background
is one of those blimps with
three people in a cage in it,
and we can't tell anything
further.
I don't see any purple bird.
But as she's gotten closer to
this flying machine in her red
hot air balloon, the flying
machine is huge compared to her,
absolutely huge. And so you see
the detail, and it has two tall
smokestacks. The front looks
like the front of a.
Big boat like an ocean liner.
It has looks like some steam
coming from various parts
underneath and several gears up
on top and a boiler type looking
thing that has two smokestacks
with smoke coming out of it and
then something at the very
bottom below the smokestack that
looks like a paddle wheel but it
doesn't have a complete wheel,
actually looks like the shape of
a spider web and there are three
people on very top who are her
size.
And they are um.
Oh, I do see the purple bird.
They have received the Purple
bird or caught it, and it is
small in this picture and in the
cage. And now it seems to me
that maybe the people on the
blimp above have brought it
there. Either that or these
people caught their own purple
bird.
And the this king person seems
to be there now, or at least
another king with those people.
So on this big.
A flying machine you have.
Three people at the top and
she's rather close to them and
they have a cage with purple
bird in it. If you go toward the
front of the flying machine,
there is a gold pedestal like
thing with a gold bird on top
and then in the very front of
it.
Stretched out.
At the bottom of the flying
machine is a long.
I can't tell what it is. It
looks like a ramp maybe, or a
gear that goes to another small
platform out in front and up.
Above in the background is the
other blimp that we saw before.
This is.
Alright, so as we turn the page.
This little adventuresome girl
has her crayon in her hand, and
she has.
Landed her hot air balloon,
apparently without the
assistance of anyone else, which
is part of her imagination. And
she has gotten out of it and is
now walking along a pathway or a
walkway with a rail on it on the
big flying machine. And we only
see a portion of the flying
machine because it's so huge and
we're focusing on the girl, so
the other people are.
Up above, she's heading toward
the first smokestack, and
there's door in the bottom of
it, so she could go in,
apparently and as.
As you look at the two
smokestacks, there is a walkway
bridged across them, and the
three people, including the king
and the bird in a cage, are
walking into the second
smokestack, where there's
another arched door on the.
Right side of the page you see a
close up of that gold pedestal
that we saw before on the front
of the flying machine and it now
appears to have a pagoda shape
with the with the tile roof all
in gold and the gold bird kind
of like with dragon wings on the
very top of it in the middle.
Is a platform that the purple
bird in the cage has now been
placed.
In actually on a smaller
pedestal, um in that platform,
on that platform and there are
two armored people around it
like it's being guarded.
On the base of that platform,
which is on the larger gold
pedestal, we see that there are
two ladders, one on the left and
one on the right, going down,
and the little girl is now
climbing up the ladder on the
left, almost to the top of the
platform, with her red crayon in
her hand.
OK, the next action shows that
the little girl has taken the
purple bird in the cage off the
pedestal and is running to the
right with that.
Cage in her hand and the two
guards are alarmed and one of
them has dropped his spear and
is jumping in the air, and
they're both looking frantic
because she has grabbed the bird
and is escaping.
On the right hand, oh, that was
just a drawing. On the left hand
side, no background. On the
right hand side we now see a
very dark background, very dark
and the only thing bright in the
picture.
Well, let me, let me back up. So
the dark background is clouds,
so it's looks like it's night
time or they're saying that this
was a frightening experience and
you see the front of the boat,
excuse me, of the machine that
has that appearance of the front
of a boat. You see it in a
cutaway so that you actually can
see levels in that with 1234
levels.
Lots of machinery and boiler
type things and 1234567 people
that appear in shadow form. Oh
there's eight.
In shadow form, silhouette
against a lighter sepia
background, they all appear to
have Spears in their hands, like
the men that we saw at the top
that were guarding the bird. So
they are in various stages of
action, doing various things,
and one is climbing up the top,
one is climbing up the ladder
toward the golden pedestal that
the bird had been on and.
The golden pedestal is at the
top left of this page. As you
look at that cutaway, you also
see that when I had described
before that there was a walkway
onto a smaller pedestal. Out in
the very front of the boat, you
see a silhouetted guard.
Um, going out onto that walkway
with two behind him still in the
boat, and at the end of that
walkway, sticking way out from
the front of the flying machine,
is another.
Um.
Gosh, it's a platform with a
pretty bottom on it. It looks
very fancy and you see the gold
cage that has the doors been
opened. The girl is in front of
the gold cage and she's
releasing the Purple Bird and
her red crayon is sitting on
the.
Platform next to the cage.
OK, next page.
Well, the story continues. We
have a drawing and two of the
guards had the girl by the hand.
Toward the back of of the.
Fancy pedestal, she the bird is
released and is not insight.
They have grabbed her and are
dragging her apparently back to
the flying machine. And she is.
Resisting, she's leaning
forward. There is a guard in.
Oh, it looks like the king, or
what I had called the King
because he is in gold and he has
that crown on his head and he is
looking at her with his arm, his
right arm crooked in his hand on
his hip. And the left arm is
pointing out like you've let go
of my bird and someone has
released the red crayon and it's
falling into the.
air I don't know if it got
knocked off or if it was thrown
off. The Kings hand is open and
it's possible that he has
dropped that purposefully, the
red crayon purposefully, and
that he's not just pointing at
the bird on the right hand side
of the page. We're in sepia
tones again.
We're at the back.
It's not the back. We're at
another place on the.
Flying machine that actually is
about the middle of the bottom.
If I remember correctly, it's
near the propeller and that
wheel that I described as a
water wheel, but it doesn't
really have edges to it.
There's.
Smoke coming out of that water
wheel and between the water
wheel and the.
Propeller we now see that
there's another walkway and this
we we're getting a close up of
this and there is a gear.
That is being moved by two of
those guard type people.
And it is lowering a cage, a
large cage.
That is not gold. There's no
gold in this picture, it's all
sepia tones. But in that large
cage they have placed the girl
and she is leaning over the edge
looking down.
Ha so now.
On the next page, we have a
background that's turned a bit
reddish. We see a close up of
the girl in the cage, only none
of the flying machine, but we
know that she's hanging from the
flying machine and she is
jumping with her arms up in the
air, like jumping for joy
because she sees the purple bird
coming toward her and bringing
her red crayon in its beak.
Very exciting on the right hand
side. She is now back to the
drawings. She is because there's
no background. We can only
assume that she's sitting on the
floor of some sort in the top
drawing, drawing a straight line
and the purple bird is perched
on her shoulder as she's sitting
on the floor drawing a straight
line or straight red line with
her red crayon. The next picture
the bird.
It's up in the air, flying over
her. She's leaning over, drawing
more of a part of the rectangle,
leaning on her arms to be very
sure of what she's doing, and
the bottom one, she's drawing
the other side of what appears
to be a rectangle. She's lying
on her stomach with her, her
knees up in the air, very intent
and very relaxed, and the bird
is in front of her now, standing
and watching.
Wow.
OK, so here the imagination
really kicks in. What she was
drawing apparently was a magic
carpet, and the magic carpet is
red and beautiful with tassels
on it. And she's already flying
in this next picture, so we see
her flying.
With the cage that held her on
the left side, this is a fully
colored picture. You see behind
her the city with the castle
that she had been in, and in
front of her you see one of the
tall turrets of that castle. And
the purple bird is flying quite
a ways in front of her past that
turret, but she's heading toward
it and appears to be following
the bird.
As the flying machine is above
her, but they are very much
closer to the city where the
castle is or the castle itself.
The next picture is a double
page spread of.
Of night with lots of stars in a
purple sky and the silhouette of
the castle on the left and the
girl on the magic carpet up
above the castle, but past it,
it's still a red carpet. She now
has a blue shirt on. We haven't
seen a blue shirt before. And on
the other side of the page you
see the continuation of the
landscape with mountains, kind
of desert looking mountains and
a palm tree on the right.
And the purple bird is flying
down further.
To the ground than she is but
heading what appears to be in
the direction of the palm tree.
And yes, the bird was going to
the palm tree and is sitting now
at the bottom of the palm tree.
Everything's in a purple
background and the girl has in
this.
Uh, in this left side of the
picture, she has just gotten up
from the magic carpet, which is
now on the ground. She has the
red crayon in her hand, and her
shirt is still a bit blue, but
she's heading toward the palm
tree where the bird is sitting
next to the base of the palm
tree, where there is a purple
door. So she's heading toward
that. On the right hand side, we
have a series of drawings again.
Um, this time it has the black
purplish black background and
the only colors basically are
white. The girl shirt is now
white and when she opens the
door, the door is white. So the
first picture at the top she has
a crayon in her hand. She's got
her hand on the door handle and
the bird is in the air flying
next to her when she opens the
door, inside the door is white
light. The bird is flying into
it.
In the second picture, she is
holding the door open for the
bird, and in the third picture,
which is in a diagonal going
down the page, she is the bird
is no longer seen. It's in the
door and she is crawling into
the white space that the door
shows as.
As if she's following the bird.
OK, so when she comes out the
other side of that door.
She still has the red crayon in
her hand and she is still
crawling. And it turns out that
that door was the side of a
mailbox and she comes out the
arch side of a mailbox on the
same street that we started at.
Everything has a sepia
background. She is right, the
mailboxes right next to the
street light, which I did not
notice the mailbox there before.
And the traffic light is in
front of her. The same traffic
light before as we saw before,
but it now has the green light
on instead of the red light on.
And the boy there is a boy
running.
Toward her. But actually it
appears that the bird is between
the girl at the mailbox flying
toward the boy.
Who is facing her? And the boy
has a purple crayon in his hand,
like that's his imagination. And
you still see the Sepia street
scene and the cutaway of the
underground.
On the right side you see the
girl and boy.
It looks like they're holding
hands, touching hands, greeting
each other, something like that.
There are three drawings. Again,
no background, but the boy has
the purple bird perched on his
hand, the girl, and he's
standing. The girl is on the
left, still in 1/2 kneeling
position, and she has the red
crayon in her left hand and
she's smiling. So the next
picture going down because
there's three of them again.
Um, she has.
Stood up is taking her red
crayon while the boy watches
with the with the purple crayon
in his hand and the bird perched
on his shoulder. She is taking
her.
Crayon and drawing a red circle.
Then the next picture down.
She's standing there next to her
red circle with a red crayon in
her hand, and the boy is leaning
over, drawing a purple circle
with his purple crayon still
facing her, and the bird is
fluttering over him.
So it looks like this might be
the last picture, but I don't
know.
Because they are friends and now
she has something to do because
they have made a bicycle. So she
is on the front of the bicycle,
the purple wheel is in front of
her that he made. The red crayon
is in her back pocket. She's
pointing forward like let's go
do this. And he is on the back
of this two seat bicycle on top
of the red wheel that she had
created with the purple crayon
in his hand.
Pedaling furiously, and the
purple bird is behind them,
flying.
Looks like they're
off on an adventure and she
found something to do. #END_journey Yeah, so
that was the story. How do you
feel about telling the story?
I feel like.
The story was not hard to tell,
but without any indication of
the.
Title of the book.
Uh, there was nothing to
indicate that it was an
adventure or an imagination or
anything like that. That would
have been helpful to know a
little bit more about where
we're going. Because normally if
you pick up a book for the first
time to read to a child or a
person.
You do have an indication from
the cover. Are you OK? Do you
need a break?
I'm good, OK, alright. So
moving on to the next one. So
this one is just one page, a
complex scene.
OK.
And by describing this to
someone who is with me or not
with me or can see this or not.
Cannot see this. They cannot
see this. OK, just like we did
before, yes.
Wow.
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
OK. We are looking at a double
page spread from a book that's
very detailed and up in the.
Top left corner there is ohh. I
don't remember what it's called
but it's those little clapboards
that they use for movie sets.
Black and white and it says
dinosaurs, spacemen and ghouls.
So I'm I'm looking at this
realizing I should be looking
for dinosaurs, spacemen and
ghouls and they are around, but
it is.
So complex and convoluted that
it's really hard to tell. So
let's start with the fact that
it appears to be a movie set,
and that is why the descriptor
is like that. From the top you
see many, many many.
Lights that are like, uh, those
spotlights that they use in
theaters. And so you see many,
many lights hanging from the
ceiling and then there is a.
Stage set, it's not on a stage.
It's like an outdoor movie set
with a structure around it
that's like wooden scaffolding
and people on top of it.
Working some of the things that
will be hanging down, including
spaceman. So that is the
spaceman scene. I don't see
ghouls in that. I see all
spacemen. So it looks like we're
doing 3 different sets possibly.
And so this one is the.
It's the most prominent. It's
not necessarily the largest, but
it's the most prominent. So you
see spaceships and around you
see a.
Uh.
You see spaceships flying like
flying saucers. You see one that
looks like a.
Cruise ship flying and you see
one that looks like a planet
with someone sitting on the
rings like Saturn has, and then
you see one of those spaceships
with the legs extended like you
see on a lunar module. So it has
landed on this blue planet
turquoise planet and next to
that is what I guess is a
spaceship that.
I would say is upside down
because what looks like the
landing gear for legs is at the
top, like it landed wrong. And
yeah, and there's even stairs at
the top going in the wrong
direction. So I would say this
one landed wrong and that's part
of their story.
There are aliens that are green.
Interesting. And then you see
other. All the spacemen are in
orange and there some are
flying, some are running, some
are on this planet, this blue
planet. And then you see the
stagehands, the actual movie
set, people in normal clothes in
various places getting things
set up.
Uh, moving to the left of that.
On the left side of the page is
the dinosaur park. So you have,
oh, I would say, half a dozen
big dinosaurs in various colors.
You have a volcano.
You have a lot of Cavemen, many,
many, many, many Cavemen doing
all sorts of things in there.
Clothes made out of skins and
barefoot, like you would see in
the Flintstones and movie people
around them. A few in normal
clothes, mostly around the
edges.
And then below that is what
looks like we're looking from
above into the dressing room.
There's stars on the doors and
lighted mirrors where people are
sitting, getting themselves make
up and all of that. So that's
that dressing area and it looks
like there are spacemen in it.
Dinosaurs.
Cavemen.
Aliens.
So it's oh, and then there's
ghouls. And I haven't gotten to
that part yet, so.
Let me give you some detail here
of spacing. So the top has on
the left the caveman area and
then on the right the spaceman
area and then below the spaceman
in the bottom right corner.
It appears that there is
another.
Uh.
Another area where they are
working on the movie details. So
the two bottom corners have
actual movie details. You have
three sets, the dinosaurs on the
top left, the spaceman on the
top right and in the middle
bottom. Between the two movie
staging areas is another.
Another set, and it looks like
there's a haunted house.
Some interesting things. There 1
looks like a big ice cream cone
in the middle. I don't know what
that is. You don't see too many
ghouls there. Most of the ghouls
I guess are still getting ready,
or there's not very many in
them, but you see a lot of
people staging and a lot of
lights up close. So this is more
in a preliminary area of
readiness than the others.
There's not a lot of the stage
people on it. #END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
OK, so that was about 5
minutes. We are good.
Goodness gracious.
What? That's crazy. It's. Yeah.
It's just, yeah, it's totally OK
to not talk about everything. I
like that. You sort of.
Big picture, just these are the
things people here and then
yeah, I think that's that's a
good way to do that, yeah.
OK.
So this is a story about 8 pages
we can.
Thank you. We just talked about
it might be more helpful to
think about it as someone
sitting next to you and you're
telling the story. I will do
that. Yeah, that will be the
last one. This will be the last
one we do today. OK.
OK. Wow.
#START_arrival_4 Well, as we
look at this book.
We can see that there's a lot of
things that we have to.
Have to figure out.
So we're going to start with top
left and realize that.
There is a man here who is just
kind of getting ready for his
day. So there's all these
pictures. And if we start at the
left and go to the right at the
top and then go to the next
level like we do when we read,
we will say, OK, the man's
getting up, he's shaving, he's
putting on his clothes and
buttoning his vest. He's putting
on his shoes.
Looks like he's getting a wallet
or money or tickets and then
he's grabbing his hat like he's
going to be ready to go out.
This is.
Going somewhere and the next one
you realize, oh, he's getting a
map, so he has to find out where
he's going, and then he's
holding the map, and then you
see further out that he's
holding the map and he's going
to read it. The bottom picture.
I can't tell if he still has the
map in his hand or if he's
dropped it. I don't think he's
dropped it. I think he's on the
street now, starting on his
trip. And so you see a picture
of.
Where he's headed and it's a
curved roadway, so then we go up
to the top of the next and he's
checking the map. So he didn't
he didn't drop it.
It has a foreign words up at the
top, so we don't know what it
says, but he's looking at it and
studying it in those top three
pictures and then down at the
bottom you see where he is. He's
in front of one of those tipi
looking things and it's a
strange looking environment.
But there's lots of them, so
let's turn the page and see what
happens.
Ohh, there's some creatures
talking. And then you see that
the creatures are talking of on
the ground right where he's
standing looking at his map, and
he sees someone else and is
asking in the next picture,
probably for help. Because we
see that this lady, or it
appears to be a lady, is looking
at the map with him, pointing
out some things and then giving
him an explanation.
Of how he can get further help.
So showing him this machine that
in the next picture looks like a
dial phone and a crank. So he's
getting something from that
machine that she's helped him.
It looks like a ticket. So down
at the bottom she's showing him
the ticket, explaining it, and
then giving him the ticket. And
I can't tell what that next
picture is. Maybe he's I can't
tell what that is. Maybe he's
paying her.
Anyway, on the right hand side
you see all this stuff going on
in the sky, and possibly that's
the kind of thing that he wants
to see. She and he are on the
right hand side and she's
pointing to this. So the next
few pictures show that he's
going underneath that like a
sailing machine that seems to
have landed. And so he's going
to be in line, looks like, to go
on that machine.
And this little critter is down
there next to him, and then he
turns in the ticket and the man
gives him the direction to go
in.
So once he's in and this little
critter is sitting next to him.
Looks like that same lady is
there, and so maybe she was
going in that direction. And
there's a lot of people in this,
so they're having a conversation
and he must be looking for
someone because he pulls
something out of his pocket that
looks like, how do I find this
person? I'm looking for this
person and so she.
Puts her hand on her chest like
ohh my I know exactly what
you're doing. Reaches into her
bag and pulls out.
The same thing, yeah. I mean, we
can't see his up close, but we
can see hers. And that's the
picture of what appears to be a
younger girl. So as we go to the
next page, it looks like that
younger girl has had something
happen to her. She was reading a
book, she was taken. Somebody
took her book and put it away,
unlocked something, put a shovel
in her hand and pointed to what
she needs to do.
Is to do this work where he
placed her. So she's shoveling
something looks like into a
furnace, maybe coal, and just
keeps doing that and then at the
bottom.
It looks like there's smoke
coming out of that and she's
trying to shield herself from
it, so.
Uh, yeah, it shouldn't be
smoking. And so in the middle
picture, uh, we get a little bit
more information. She's bringing
up this big brush and going to
the top of the chimney of that
furnace and it looks like she's
cleaning out the chimney.
So she is in a place where
there's lots of these furnaces
and she's cleaning out the
chimney and it looks like a
never ending job. So on the
right hand side you see that
she's not happy. She's leaning
over.
And she sees.
A door. Maybe it's the door of
the room that she's in, and she
takes her shovel and tries to
use the shovel to get out of
that door, so looks like she
gets out.
Finds her book in that drawer
and takes her book and runs away
and goes to where there are some
houses.
But it's train tracks. If we
look down below, we see a train.
So maybe those houses are next
to the train track or are the ed
ends of trains. And so she
climbs in. Yeah, looks like a
boxcar, like she's trying to get
away in that train. And so she
now sitting in the train with
her book with her and the train
takes off with her in it.
So now we're back to where this
man and the lady are in this
city, in this flying machine,
and they are sitting next to
each other looking out the
window and the ladies pointing
and she sees someone who's
giving a message. And so the the
flying machine that looks like a
boat is landing. He thanks the
lady and this little critter.
Walks out. As he does. He looks
up.
Not knowing what he's doing for
sure, but then you see what he's
seeing and it is this.
Maybe a statue with the smoke
coming out of it in this city
and people are around him that
have those hats on like the man
did in the.
When he got onto the ship and so
he's looking over the city scene
and it looks like that little
animal is next to him because
you see the tail.
Let's see what happens. So he's
still walking along, trying to
find his way, walking along in
the city, and that little animal
is next to him. He sees people
talking with all these tentacles
around them. He goes to no, he
sees someone at a ticket place
getting a ticket and people
talking. It's like a carnival in
my opinion.
He.
He sees someone talking to
another little critter and
smiling. Lots of people around.
So he has in this book in his
hand a picture of.
I'm going to say that's like,
Umm, it's a a book that has
pictures when you can't.
Speak the same language, and so
he wants bread, and so he is
going to this place and this
little critter is showing him
something.
Like he's gonna help him. And so
he opens the drawer that the
critter is showing him and
there's something in the drawer
that looks like.
I don't know. It looks like the
critter, but it's probably not.
It's something with a little
tail on it, but it looks like
it's not an animal. And so he
looks in his book and he takes
one of those and he goes and
finds someone who or gives it to
him and everybody's happy. So he
gives it to this boy. And the
boy is with an older man, might
be his dad, and they want a
picture of it because it's cool.
And so they went to give it back
to the man.
And the man says, no, this is
what I'm looking for and I need
help. And so the father figure
points to this place where you
should be able to get something
that you want, and he goes into
it and pulls out this other
thing that looks like an
eggplant and gives it to the man
and.
Explains something to him and
the boy brings a basket for the
man to carry that in. And so
they're helping him and they're
he's.
He's obviously in a good place
where people are helping him and
he's ready to go do something
next. So then you have the
father showing him something
else and the boy showing him
something else.
And.
I can't tell what the father's
doing. It looks like he's
eating, so maybe this is food. I
don't know.
But it's interesting. And the
boy brings this big thing over
that also looks like food. And
then the father has.
Some little pocket like thing
that has something in it that
now appears to be.
A snake like thing and he's
explaining all this stuff to him
and they keep showing him
different things and the boy.
Shows him that he can eat it. So
the man takes a bite of
something that he's not familiar
with and he knows he's OK. So
then the boy shows him that the
animal can eat it too, the
little critter. And the father
walks away. I mean, excuse me,
the man walks away with all
these things that he's not
familiar with, but they've
explained to him that are OK to
take. And so the boys whispering
to his dad, telling him what he
thinks they should do to help
the man.
And the father shows the man,
hey, I've got a basket and
you've got a basket and the boy
has a basket. So let's go
together. And they go to this
place where there looks like a
lot of boats.
Ohh.
So the boy in the in the critter
approached this boat with a big
pot on it, and the boy goes over
and.
Tells the man to come over here
and then there's this critter
coming out of the pot and they
are not familiar with it. I mean
he is not familiar with it and
is a bit alarmed and I think
he's dropping his basket and the
boy is kind of covering his
mouth like Oh no, it's really
OK. And the father comes over
and explains to the man it's OK.
And the boy picks up this animal
that was in the pot like it's
his pet and.
Introduces him to the man, and
the father is pointing and
saying, look there, that the two
critters are gonna make friends.
So they're both looking at each
other and they're fine. The
critters are. And so the father
is helping the man pick up his
things from the basket that he
had dropped. And then the father
explains more to him and the man
is asking another question and
going back to his book saying
this is what I need.
Help with and he shows them what
looks like houses. And so the
father puts his hand on his
shoulder and says.
That he is going to explain
whatever he can about it and you
see the father.
Talking about his
feelings, talking about
something up above, and you get
a close up and close up of the
father's face and then we turn
the page. #END_arrival_4 All right, that's all
that I have.